[REVIEW] Update notebooks README [skip-ci] (#3129)
rapidsai/cuml: notebooks/README.md

## Additional notebooks
Notebook Title | Status | Description
--- | --- | --- 

> [ARIMA Demo](arima_demo.ipynb) | Working | Forecast using ARIMA on time-series data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ARIMA Demo](arima_demo.ipynb) | Working | Forecast using ARIMA on time-series data.
```

[Forest Inference Demo](forest_inference_demo.ipynb) | Working | Save and load an XGBoost model into FIL and infer on new data.

> [KMeans Demo](kmeans_demo.ipynb) | Working | Predict using K-Means, visualize and compare the results with sklearn's K-Means

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[KMeans Demo](kmeans_demo.ipynb) | Working | Predict using k-means, visualize and compare the results with Scikit-learn's k-means.
```

> [KMeans Multi-Node Multi-GPU Demo](kmeans_mnmg_demo.ipynb) | Working | Predict with MNMG K-Means using dask input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[KMeans Multi-Node Multi-GPU Demo](kmeans_mnmg_demo.ipynb) | Working | Predict with MNMG k-means using dask distributed inputs.
```

> [Linear Regression Demo](linear_regression_demo.ipynb) | Working | Demonstrate the use of Linear Regression for prediction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Linear Regression Demo](linear_regression_demo.ipynb) | Working | Demonstrate the use of OLS Linear Regression for prediction.
```

[Nearest Neighbors Demo](nearest_neighbors_demo.ipynb) | Working | Predict using Nearest Neighbors algorithm.

> [Random Forest Demo](random_forest_demo.ipynb) | Working | Using Random Forest for classification, and demonstrate the use of pickling with the cuML model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Random Forest Demo](random_forest_demo.ipynb) | Working | Use Random Forest for classification, and demonstrate how to pickle the cuML model.
```

> [Random Forest Multi-Node Multi-GPU Demo](random_forest_mnmg_demo.ipynb) | Working | Solve a classification problem using MNMG Random Forest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Random Forest Multi-Node Multi-GPU Demo](random_forest_mnmg_demo.ipynb) | Working | Solve a classification problem using MNMG Random Forest.
```
